good night from tampa florida here
on the second date of telemundo boxing
Ford in its first season of 2014 with
a great billboard and a magnificent one is the
That church is like that and we see the
left to mexican roasted antonio
near the peak Boricua life both come
of losing their respective undefeated in
fights for international championships
very well prepared as you can see
123 fights like putting 4 knockouts inside
of the first three rounds and this is his
second title fight a magnificent
record 17 and 1 with 9 KO's 5 KO's in
the first round won its first 17
fights and former fecarbox champion
no luck
just connect the vidal boricua
and I was fighting in a division that in
reality is not used to the 117
pounds I mean the Mexican for
2014 season combinations
good
finishing second jump that support the
3rd jump out right opening this
third chapter by the Mexican
antonio from toasted garcía
tonight
but his opponent David is the stern
coal in exchange and
in these states he had learned to
imagine
vomiting abdominal pains and fever and
it's real in very bad conditions I was
Carmona and could not make the trip to
state
to that right hill now vidal a
pretty couple fight are by rounds and
it's what we have on our card
unofficial toast with advantage of a
point after 13 pesos
good cow right time of life
in his most important victories
obtained from 2011 precisely in front of a
mexican face to face
in hook from right to left of
field that ended up fishing the
Puerto Rican fans
cybernetic of the year
Of course it follows if there are already many
comments thanks to all those who
are sending comments using the
hashtag boxing telemundo with telemundo
excursion with your zone says that it is
watching from spring david carmona or that
one left handed up good hooks
from left
however I am much more active what
I wanted to indicate that life
he once lost the reverse in his career
with this
lost like now it's much next
Fight
it was one step away from power the same as
fight for a title the last four
episodes is a man that will come out
with the victory to the last 3
the good super cuts
on the part of toasted and friends as they
I was commenting summer previous good
absurd now of vidal and after that
share a fight with features
of battle campal two undefeated the
Mexican-American congratulates Telemundo
for the 25 years of telemundo boxing and
He also says that he is seeing
massachusetts with her husband and asks for more
action
both the accelerator to both good
combination below and above you have to
squeeze the throttle a bit here in
the straight
what can you do when you want it, I'm clear
others with tremendous chants the previous
it does not suit the Puerto Rican and the ropes
care good right hook a slip
2 jazz did not get on the right if
it came clear to the face of the Mexican
to the right life the other time another
right of life of the boat outside the
campaign ends the fight or blacks
94-96 his team johnny 94 96 78 95 95
winner by majority decision
does it move
good mexico has a new champion his
name is Antonio roasted Garcia
crowned new champion fell latin of the
world boxing organization